## PCXMCUtils
Utility commands I use to manage data files generated by PCXMC simulations.  Built using [laravel-zero.com](https://laravel-zero.com/).

## Commands
### newsim
Create a new entry for a simulation set in the database.

Usage: `php pcxmcutils make:newsim`

Prompts for the date of the simulation run and a short description of the simulation data set.

Returns: simulation ID

### load:dfr
Loads a PCXMCRotationn definition file (.dfR) and stores the contents in the database.

Usage: `php pcxmcutils load:dfr {simid?} {dfrfile?}`

`simid` is the simulation ID to associate the definition file with.  If not provided, the script will ask the user.

`dfrfile` is the path and name of the simulation definition file to load.  If not provided, the script will as the user.

### load:mgr
Loads a PCXMCRotation simulation result file (.mGR) and stores the contents in the database.

Usage: `php pcxmcutils load:mgr {simid?} {dfrid?} {mgrfile?}`

`simid` is the simulation ID to associate the definition file with.  If not provided, the script will ask the user.

`dfrid` is the ID of the PCXMCRotation simulation definition file that was used to generate the result file.  If not provided, the script will ask the user.

`mgrfile` is the path and name of the simulation result file to load.  If not provided, the script will as the user.

### load:simFiles
Loads PCXMCRotation simulation definition and result files stored in a directory into the database.  This command looks for the simulation files within the `storage` folder.

Usage: `php pcxmcutils load:simFiles {simid?} {dir?}`

`simid` is the simulation ID to associate the definition file with.  If not provided, the script will ask the user.

`dir` is the directory under the `storage` folder where the PCXMCRotation simulation definition (.dfR) and result (.mGR) files are located.

## License

PCXMCUtils is licensed under the MIT license.
